I wassup Madden universe now a lot of
you guys see me playing in a stream a
couple weeks ago on another player I'm
not really gonna say his name but y'all
seen what happened um a lot of you were
asking me for the defense that I was
running specifically what formation it
was that I was running my a gap from now
I'm not going to give out the whole
defense yet because I heard there's
another patch coming and the last patch
completely destroyed my 3-4 defense that
I had at the time especially 34 bear and
now at this time I've you know
alternating it works post patch but I
want to wait till this next patch comes
and make sure it doesn't destroy it
again but for now let me go ahead and
give you a little the play I was running
and basically I was pretty much running
covered to man along for the a gap I ran
some cover three from it as well you can
do it for me the base place and I'm sure
you're all familiar with the wide non
concept by now that everybody's running
this is my favorite version of the
Crashdown a gap and all you're going to
do is pinch your line and crash it down
call press and then put these two guys
in coverage I usually do flat sometimes
Alden purples and then you want to use
it as strong safety and at the snap as
you can see we come fly an updated gap
that's a two-lane rush you know and
it'll kind of rotate which of the two
two defensive linemen come through the
gap sometimes it'll be the one on the
right sometimes it be on the left
doesn't really matter me as long as it
comes and once again all I did was pinch
my line and crash it down call press and
then zone these two guys out now either
you need to zone out both of them or
zone out neither just zone out one it's
not really going to be that consistent
but as you can see two men crazy a gap
nickel 2 45 to me right now is the best
formation in the game but however the
rest of that the rest of the defense I
had built around it like I said
kind of weary of this patch this coming
so once that patch drops if my 34 is
ineffective this time you'll be seeing
that soon re oh oh and if not I'm going
to draw I'll do it a mini-guide on the
245 formation because it's just
ridiculous